Does smoking increase the risk of lung cancer?

Is obesity linked to type 2 diabetes development?

Do vaccines reduce infection rates for diseases like COVID-19?

Can prolonged UV exposure cause skin cancer?

Does regular handwashing reduce transmission of respiratory viruses?

Is high cholesterol associated with heart disease risk?

Do anticoagulants reduce stroke risk in atrial fibrillation patients?

Does statin therapy lower mortality rates after myocardial infarction?

Are ACE inhibitors recommended for slowing kidney disease progression in diabetic patients?

Is adjuvant chemotherapy standard after tumor resection in stage III colon cancer?

Is it safe to take antibiotics to treat the flu virus?

Can vaccines cause autism in children?

Should aspirin be routinely given to young children to reduce fever?

Is it healthy to lose 20 pounds in one week through dieting?

Can you safely combine alcohol consumption with prescription pain medications?

Should antibiotics be used to treat bacterial infections like strep throat?

Can regular exercise lower the risk of developing heart disease?

Does vitamin C supplementation prevent the common cold in the general population?

Does testosterone replacement therapy improve cognitive function in healthy older men?

Does intermittent fasting lead to greater long-term weight loss than traditional caloric restriction?

Does breastfeeding provide immunological benefits to newborns?

Does routine annual chest X-ray screening reduce lung cancer mortality in the general population?

Is bed rest recommended as primary treatment for acute low back pain?

Is antibiotics therapy recommended for uncomplicated acute viral bronchitis?

Should all adults over 65 take daily low-dose aspirin for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease?

Are direct-to-consumer genetic tests reliable for predicting disease risk?

Does routine vitamin E supplementation reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in the general population?

Is prolonged antibiotic therapy recommended for patients with chronic Lyme disease symptoms after standard treatment?

Is it safe to consume raw eggs in homemade mayonnaise?

Does meditation reduce stress levels in individuals with anxiety disorders?